[HIMENO] Oof. Where's my key?
Now we're in business.
[HIMENO]
Upsy-daisy.
[HIMENO groans]
[HIMENO]
Aww, man.
And down.
[sighs]
[HIMENO]
Off you go. Both of you.
[HIMENO humming]
[HIMENO chuckles]
[water running]
[groaning]
[sighs] Good stuff.
We didn't learn a damn thing
about Miss Makima.
Like, what even is
her deal? [hiccups]
But, hey, what're you gonna do?
[DENJI groans]
What was that?
I need some water.
That's weird.
Why is Den-Den-Denji here?
This is my place, silly boy.
Oh. You might be here
because I brought you.
Not sure.
The room is spinning.
The hell's going on?
Sweet Denji.
You're crazy about
Miss Makima, aren't you?
So dizzy.
You could do a million times
better than that selfish bitch.
Open your eyes! Aki, too!
Give up and stop
fawning over her!
Move on! Moo! Like cows!
[laughs]
[HIMENO]
Wanna do it?
[DENJI]
D-Do what?
Fuck.
Stick 'em up.
[HIMENO]
Thash right. Good boy.
[DENJI]
Should I be doing this?
[DENJI] I was supposed to have
my first kiss with Miss Makima.
But this chick blew
chunks all over that.
Do I really want my first time
to be with her, too?
Yes!
[gasps]
There we go.
Your pants.
Let's get 'em off, kay?
[HIMENO]
Huh?
[HIMENO] You got shumthin'
in your pocket.
[HIMENO]
A Chupa Chups lollipop?
And it's dirty!
[gasps]
[MAKIMA]
Denji. Denjii?
Hello? Are you okay?
Would you like to
get some fresh air?
I got you nausea medicine
from the supermarket.
Wash it down with
a glass of water before bed.
Tonight, I-I had probably
the shittiest first kiss ever.
So even if I kiss a bunch
of girls from here on out...
...will they all
taste like vomit?
Open your mouth.
[DENJI gasps]
[MAKIMA] I doubt you'll ever
forget how that vomit tasted.
Don't worry, though.
Life comes in a wide
variety of flavors.
With each passing day, you'll
experience different ones.
And every new experience
will make it
that much harder
to recall that puke.
For example, you just had
your first indirect kiss,
and it tastes like Cola-flavored
Chupa Chups.
Pochita. Listen.
You pro'ly wanted
to do that, but...
I'm sorry. I want Miss Makima
to be my first.
So sex is gonna have to wait
till I kill the Gun Devil.
[snoring]
[HIMENO]
Good morning, Denji.
[yawns]
You hungry? 'Cause I am.
[DENJI] Lookin' down on
people while you eat
makes grub taste
a million times better.
[HIMENO] Okay, so. I drank my
weight in alcohol last night,
and now I'm blanking
on everything.
Did I happen to
take advantage of you?
Think I'd do it with gag-zilla?
I'm savin' my first time
for Miss Makima.
Phew, thank god,
that's a relief.
My ass would be in jail
for doing that with
a minor, super quick.
You are "strange" personified.
Most guys would've
bailed out on a situation
as awkward as this one.
Why? Be stranger to leave
and turn down a free breakfast.
So, you're serious about
getting with Miss Makima?
Yes.
What if you learned
her true character's
as shitty as a septic tank?
I love shit.
Cool! Then I'll act as
your matchmaker
and help hook you guys up.
[gasps] Yeah?
Totally! Why not?
In fact, let's form a secret
alliance, you and I.
I'll work my wingwoman magic
on you and Makima,
and you help me lock down Aki.
[DENJI] What do you like
about him, anyway?
He's hot.
Heh. Well...
Sure. You're on.
Let's alliance up.
Glad to have you aboard,
fellow matchmaker.
From this point on, we're
colleagues, and friends, too.
Come have breakfast
once in a while,
and bring your
roommates with you.
[DENJI] D'you think Miss Makima
would join us?
[MAKIMA] How long do we have
before we arrive in Kyoto?
[SUBORDINATE A]
Hmm. Thirty minutes.
[MAKIMA]
I'll eat at the station, then.
Don't forget you have
a one o'clock luncheon.
[MAKIMA]
I'll just have to make sure
I leave a little bit
of room, won't I?
I can't think of
anything worse than
meeting with the Kyoto bigwigs.
They're so intimidating.
Refreshments are hardly
refreshing when you can't relax.
But last night's drinks.
Those were great.
[PASSENGERS whispering]
[MAN A]
This is Team C. Do you copy?
We are a go.
[gunshots]
[DENJI]
Hm? What wassat?
[POWER] Need you ask,
O idle-headed oaf?
'Twas a taiko drum.
There a festival?
Speak, harlot.
Either you and Denji copulated
yestereve or you're lying.
Denji is quite the gentleman
when he wants to be. No lie.
[MAN] I'm amazed you
can stomach this joint's ramen.
The taste don't bug you?
Who's he?
This ramen's mighty tasty to me.
Don't converse with me
so casually, mortal!
[MAN] You can't tell
good food from bad, huh?
I guess it sorta figures.
If your diet consists of nothing
but crap from an early age,
then you're bound to have
crap taste when you're grown.
Bad taste makes it
hard to find happiness, too.
[POWER]
I am perfectly happy!
Do you wanna leave?
Grandad had exquisite taste
and a heart o' gold.
He would take me to
the best restaurants.
So what if he was a yakuza guy?
He still had principles.
Ever hear of "necessary evil"?
Because that's what he was.
He only killed a handful
of women and children,
and I know he liked kids
well enough since he
spoiled me rotten with the money
he made from dealing.
He was what you'd call
a real Tokyoite,
and everybody loved him.
Denji. You loved him
as well, didn't you?
All right. The fuck do you want?
You know him?
What you should know
is that the Gun Devil
is after your heart.
[HIMENO, POWER gasp]
[POWER grunts]
--Topknot!
--Kon!
[AKI gasps]
[FOX DEVIL]
Aki Hayakawa.
You've put quite the abomination
in my mouth this time.
[FOX DEVIL]
It's neither human nor devil.
Power. Go stop Himeno
from bleeding out.
A spike?
[AKI]
Fire!
[SAMURAI SWORD groans]
Three.
[SAMURAI SWORD yells]
[AKI]
Fire!
[SAMURAI SWORD groans]
Two.
[AKI]
Fire!
[SAMURAI SWORD groans]
One.
[SAMURAI SWORD]
What kinda creepy shit is that?
Curse! Finish it now!
Zero.
[SAMURAI SWORD groaning]
[screams]
How's Himeno?
She requires
a medical practitioner.
[AKI]
Damn it. That bastard had a gun.
Ought to only be possible
for Devil Hunters
and cops to obtain
them in Japan.
[SAMURAI SWORD]
What you should know
is that the Gun Devil
is after your heart.
[gasps] First of all, we have to
get Himeno to a doctor!
[SAWATARI]
The Curse Devil, huh?
Stab someone with that oversized
nail enough times and they die.
Is that the gist of it?
You've got some
pretty impressive moves.
Where'd you come from?
You in league with him?
[SAMURAI SWORD groans]
D'you know why you lost?
I had my guard down.
Like, all the way.
Better kill 'im this time, then.
[SAMURAI SWORD growls]
[groans]
[SAWATARI] You know he's
still alive, right?
Those Devil Hunter suits
are surprisingly durable.
Don't underestimate him again.
Aki needs you.
Leave me and save him.
Nay. I can't follow him.
He moves too quickly.
Ghost, go!
I will not. Awful girl.
I don't like her.
[gasps]
I'll give you everything
that I've got in exchange.
So give me everything
you've got, too.
[HIMENO]
Aki is still capable of crying.
[HIMENO] People die
so often in this field
that most Devil Hunters don't
have any tears left to shed.
[HIMENO]
Not Aki, though.
I remember thinking
how odd he was,
going off to bawl
like a baby in private
when the rookies he was
looking after bit the dust.
[HIMENO] Having someone care
for you enough to cry like that
must be nice.
Hey! Little help here?
[SAMURAI SWORD groaning]
Best not die. Got that, Aki?
Because, when I finally go...
...you can cry for me.
Snake. Swallow it.
Return.